MultiClassClassificator
=======================

What is it?
-----------

MultiClassClassificator is a simple application of Machine Learning. Project in his assumptions should recognize digits which are presented on PGM files. In fact splitting training set on training and testing set (70% for training and 30% for testing), I have got about 76% accuracy. It is not even a good result. I think there are two reasons why result is so poor - firstly, method Logic Regression with gradient descent, secondly lambda parameter. I am sure that if you choose a good lambda parameter results will be much much better.


Documentation
-------------

Documentation is generated by doxygen in "doc" folder.


Installation
------------

`cd ~/Documents`
`git clone https://github.com/badeleux/MultiClassClassificationASM.git`
`cd MultiClassClassificationASM/`

To compile application you need:

1. Linux
2. [Armadillo library][arma] 32BIT
3. If you are running 64bit system, you probably also need GCC-multilib (or equivalent package for your distro)

`make`

If all went good - now in folder bin you should have dynamic library (*.so) and executable Predict file.

How to use it
-------------

In terminal:

`./Predict ../digits/1337.pgm`

Program will prompt you in which way would you like to train your Theta Matrix, in C or in Assembler. 
Next program will try to guess what number is in picture.

Licensing
---------

No license - which means - "To use the code, you must contact the author directly and ask permission."


Contacts
--------

badeleux@gmail.com

[arma]:http://arma.sourceforge.net

